# Arduino anti-theft Project with GPS GSM GPRS Module

The purpose of this dissertation is to build a smart but at the same time economical device, which consists of integrated systems and has the ability to locate the location at any time, take photos in case of theft and send this data with SMS and email. This device is intended for applications mainly anti-theft systems.
To build this device we did an extensive research to find the appropriate integrated systems to be used. So we did a search for the right microcontroller that would be open source and as intelligent and economical as possible. So from this research we decided to use the Arduino Uno, which is a single board microcontroller, that is a simple open source motherboard with a built-in microcontroller and inputs / outputs, which can be programmed with the Wiring language. This was followed by a search to find a suitable integrated system that would connect to the Arduino and provide the location with a Global Positioning System (GPS). Then the data we receive from GPS had to be sent by text message and Email to a mobile phone and computer. After an extended research we chose the A9 GPS GSM GPRS board of Ai-thinker which combines all the above functions and with the appropriate connection to the Arduino and the necessary programming, we succeeded in receiving and sending location data whenever we want. Finally, it was deemed useful to take photos for this purpose, so we proceeded to the purchase of the VC-0706 board.
The system that we were called to build can be placed mainly in means of transport, so that they are monitored at all times resulting in proper coordination during transport and minimization of theft. Our construction is economical, autonomous and requires very little power supply.
Keywords : microcontrollers, Arduino, positioning devices, GPS, GSM